[Form] Add new `active_at`, `not_active_at` and `legal_tender` options to `CurrencyType` (#61837)
symfony/symfony: UPGRADE-7.4.md

 * Disabling HTML5 parsing is deprecated; Symfony 8 will unconditionally use the native HTML5 parser

Form
----

>  * [BC BREAK] The `CurrencyType` returns only the currencies that are active and recognized as [legal tender](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Legal_tender) for the current date. To keep the same results as prior 7.4, set the `active_at`, `not_active_at` and `legal_tender` options to `null`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * [BC BREAK] The `CurrencyType` returns only the currencies that are active and recognized as [legal tender](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Legal_tender) for the current date; set the `active_at` and `legal_tender` options to `null` to list all currencies no matter their current state
```
